yeah hi did today so again but Mr oh
they're both pretty amazing I think
we're pretty amazing this is the spray
Spears yeah it looks like a spaceship
and look at that that's peeling for the
wind around in the air now oh don't
don't look yeah yes but that's my first
ping in the bed with her and yeah it's
pretty damn awesome and now here is the
ultimate peeing the bed whether it's
like a big one yeah that's the Bulls
they took not and I got the balls and he
is some ethers redstone going around
around the back and if I talk to this
this headland the ultimate peeing for
the we have you ever seen more protein I
think not and let's see what's hidden
you up there oh yes down yeah I used to
have captured an angry wolf down here
but yeah I did kill this last week
that's with you up last I try to make it
with you and he has some redstone you
know what restaurant is all that crap
going all the way around up so I go up
here to that and trig up the piston that
blocks from all the water there that is
there
oh
yes well it used to do when it's not and
it's not flow like now yeah but that's
user usually how it works and today I'm
yes me crap to our stuff and pulled up
or whatever you want to call me I've got
are going to make my very own third or
whatever peeing the bed with you and yes
I show you just you guys how to do it
like a pro let's do it nah yeah actually
I don't want to show it it's my secret
but yes you can see it this just don't
you let us lazuli and those and my block
down this so don't look like a spaceship
yeah i know that i don't know i don't
care it's not my space penis space p but
yes and this the ultimate walk ping and
it's everywhere yeah
but now you know how to do them hope you
love it cool doc say goodbye oh wait
wool duck say goodbye King